[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
Now, the fate of Dressrosa
will be decided
in a one-on-one duel between
Luffy and Doflamingo.
"Fourth Gear"? Do tell.
[LUFFY]
Muscle Balloon!
Fourth Gear!
Bounce-Man!
[LUFFY]
Rhino Schneider!
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Culverin!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Athlete!
[LUFFY] You think that's
gonna work on me?
Not now!
And now, Gum-Gum...
...Culverin!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
"A Massive Counterattack!
Doflamingo's Awakening!"
[panting]
[TOWNSMAN A]
He got a beating.
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Doflamingo?
[TOWNSMAN A]
From a ball?
How?
Hang on. Who's that?
He's strong! Wow!
Knock him dead!
You can do it!
[babbles]
[CAVENDISH]
Straw Hat?
[LAW]
Yeah.
He's so different now.
Is that him?
I mean, it's hard to believe!
Why, if he can
overpower Doflamingo,
he must be quite strong!
But he's overusing his Haki.
Oh dear. Really?
Straw Hat. Where'd you
run off to?
[BURGESS]
Ah, there he is.
Guess they're playing
somewhere else now.
And after I went to
all that trouble
to come over here and see them!
[KOALA]
The captain of the first ship
of the Blackbeard Pirates.
Jesus Burgess.
[KOALA] I was wondering
where he ended up
after the battle
at the coliseum.
Looks like I found him!
Chase them or wait?
Either way,
they're mine for sure!
I'll get what I want,
no matter what!
[laughs]
[KOALA] I was right,
he's after Luffy's group.
But what's his motive?
[DOLDO]
Viola.
His fight with Luffy is
all that remains, correct?
[VIOLET]
That's right, Father.
All of the Top Executives
and their underlings
have been eliminated.
Only Doflamingo remains.
In other words,
if Doflamingo is defeated,
then the Birdcage slicing up
the town will disappear,
and the Family
will fall forever.
Is that what you're saying?
[VIOLET]
Yes.
[ZORO]
Huh? Wait, where did they go?
Oh, don't tell me
they got lost.
[KIN'EMON] Sir Zoro!
That's not the proper direction!
What?
[KIN'EMON] Navigation is
a weakness of yours,
so if we follow you
we'll never get there!
Here. Climb aboard.
We can fly!
[BIRD A sqwuaks]
What is that? And why's it
so weird-looking?
This is a Spring Sparrow.
He summoned it!
It came here from the
King's Plateau to aid us!
It's perfectly safe.
Come now, we must
travel swiftly.
[BIRD A sqwuaks]
[ZORO] You expect me to
ride on this Spring Squawker?
[KANJURO]
Now you've hurt its feelings.
Well. I guess I have
no choice. Make room.
Let us proceed!
[ALL gasp]
[BIRD A roars]
[KIN'EMON] You must not falter,
Spring Sparrow!
Uh-oh. It finally
made its way here.
Let's move, Tontattas!
Hurry it up!
[INHEL, CHAO]
We're on our way!
[FRANKY]
Step on it!
Or else you guys're gonna be
super dead in a minute!
[CHAO] We managed to
rescue all our friends
who were stranded
in the factory!
We're good to go!
[FRANKY]
Sweet!
[FLAPPER] Hey,
the building's leaning over!
Fraland! Why is
the SMILE Factory
the only thing that's
not getting cut up?
[FRANKY]
Hm? Wait, it's not?
Right, the Sea Prism Stone!
[INHEL]
Sea Prism?
Yeah. That's what the walls
are made out of.
It's pretty strong stuff.
Which means, the strings
cut everything else,
but the factory won't crack.
Here. Watch.
[FLAPPER gasps]
[FRANKY]
They're just pushing it.
Hey, it's them!
Franky!
Ah! Sir Robot!
[DWARVES cheer]
[FLAPPER]
Zoroland! Topknot-land!
Uh, guys? What gives?
Center of the country is
kind of in the other direction.
Wanna run? Turn around!
What? We're not running!
We wanna stop the strings!
[FRANKY]
Stop 'em?
Tch. I didn't even
think about that!
[DWARVES]
Wow! That's amazing!
It's not over until
Luffy settles the score.
But we can buy some time!
[DWARVES gasp]
[FRANKY] Stoppin' the strings
does sound good, but how?
[FRANKY]
Hm? Oh yeah!
[LUFFY panting]
[DOFLAMINGO] Even with
his Armament active,
he can still expand and
contract with such precision.
[DOFLAMINGO] Armament and rubber
working in harmony, huh?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[panting]
If I take too long,
I'll change back!
[DOFLAMINGO] It seems
like you've figured out
how to use that
ability pretty well.
It must take a toll
on you after a while.
I'm sure it has its risks.
Now, Gum-Gum...
You're tired, aren't you?
How long can you hold out?
...Double...
[DOFLAMINGO] You know, I can use
my strings as much as I like.
...Culverin!
Ha! Off-White!
[gasps] The ground?
How did you do that?
Bastard. What have you
done to this town?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Listen closely, rookie.
My Devil Fruit's power ascended.
They've reached a new horizon.
A higher state,
known as "Awakening."
[LUFFY] Whoa, he turned
the buildings into strings!
[chuckles] Awakening is
extremely rare, but with it,
my strings can affect
more than just my own body!
Damn. His strings are
all over the place!
This can't be a Paramecia!
No matter which way you go,
there's more strings!
Fun, right?
[DOFLAMINGO]
At this rate, you won't even
be able to get near me.
[panting]
Tick-tock. Any minute now,
your body's going to give out.
And mine'll keep on going.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LUFFY gasps]
[panting] He won't quit!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Had enough? How 'bout this?
[panting]
Your Haki's about to
run out, Straw Hat.
That's when I'll deliver
the finishing blow!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN C] We have to run,
or we'll get sliced up!
[TOWNSMAN G] Head downtown
if you want to survive!
Those strings are
moving really fast!
Oh no, Grandma!
You gotta stand up
or you won't make it!
[TOWNSWOMAN D]
I'm sorry.
I can't run any more.
[TOWNSWOMAN D] Leave me
and save yourself, dear!
I won't do that!
I'm not gonna abandon you!
Hurry. Run! This is the
end for me, either way.
Come on. Get up!
I'm telling you.
I don't have enough
strength to run downtown.
You should go! Quickly!
People! We need help here!
All these patients!
They can't get out!
And we can't carry
them by ourselves!
Wait. Someone.
[TOWNSWOMAN E]
I've lost my son!
He's wearing a Kuma shirt!
Have you seen him?
Please! Help!
There must be someone who can
help me find my baby! Please!
Outta my way!
[TOWNSMAN I] Everybody's
gonna die, no matter what,
it's pointless.
[TOWNSMAN I] Even if we run,
we're stuck in the cage.
Doflamingo'll kill us anyway.
So it's easier to just give up.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TANK clears throat]
King Riku.
Please, listen well.
It is I, King--rather, former
king, Riku Doldo the Third.
[TOWNSMAN O]
What's going on?
[TOWNSWOMAN G]
It's really him?
As you can see, yes.
Because of the game that
the current king Doflamingo
has forced upon us,
we've been trapped
inside this Birdcage
with seemingly no escape.
And, to make matters
even more bleak,
the cage is rapidly shrinking,
slicing everything in sight.
King Riku.
This was thrust
upon you so suddenly,
I'm sure your emotions
could barely keep up.
And now, you struggle to survive
and protect your loved ones.
[DOLDO] This may feel like a
nightmare, but it's quite real!
And this tragedy
did not just begin today!
Because, for a whole decade,
Dressrosa was
already a birdcage,
and all of us were
being held inside
under the oppressive
reign of pirates!
[DOLDO] For ten years now,
we have been puppets,
constantly being manipulated
by the strings that they pulled!
[DOLDO]
Such has been our reality.
But soon, that is
going to change!
[BOTH gasp]
[DOLDO]
The feared Don Quixote Family,
whom we believed
were unstoppable,
have nearly been eliminated
by a group of mighty warriors
who only happened to be
passing through our country!
None of the Executives
are left standing!
Whoa, really?
Who could do that?
I dunno, but it wasn't us!
[DOLDO]
The final obstacle is him!
The ruthless tyrant who has
Dressrosa under his thumb.
Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOLDO] And the brave soul
who's doing battle with him
is Luffy of the
Straw Hat Pirates!
I believe he'll save us.
He'll destroy this Birdcage
once and for all!
Having been dethroned,
I feel utterly helpless now.
All I can do is stake the
fate of my beloved kingdom
on some pirate I hardly know.
However! I must
remind you of one thing!
That win, or lose,
it'll end in mere minutes!
So try to survive until then.
No matter what it takes!
Our dear country
may be crumbling,
but I cannot allow you
to go down with it!
I implore you to keep running!
Even if you run out of breath
or your legs are broken!
For a few minutes.
Please try to survive!
There is still hope for us.
That is why you
mustn't surrender yet!
We'll do our best alone!
[NURSES]
Right!
Good! Let's go! Run!
[TOWNSGIRL A gasps]
[TOWNSWOMAN A screams]
Okay!
Yeah.
We should do what
King Riku says!
Don't give up! Let's all
run downtown together!
[TOWNSMAN R]
Help the patients!
[TOWNSMAN S]
Grab the beds!
[DOCTOR A laughs]
Here.
[TOWNSBOY A]
Mommy!
[TOWNSMAN V] We have to survive
until the battle's over!
That Straw Hat Luffy is going to
put Doflamingo in
his place, I know it!
Yeah!
[chuckles]
Ha!
That's it, Mingo!
[NARRATOR] Using his Devil
Fruit's awakened abilities,
Doflamingo causes
objects in town
to turn into deadly strings,
making things even more
dangerous for the civilians.
With nowhere to run
and the time limit
of Fourth Gear fast approaching,
Luffy is forced to make
a deadly charge!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy!
An All-Out Leo Bazooka!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!